fix copy (#196)
neontribe/www: src/data/projects/haven.md

problem: |

>   People don’t always realise that the relationship they are in is damaging or abusive and when they do they may be too scared to ask for help. Online information is jargon laden and confusing.

Author: ```suggestion
  Abusive behaviour in a relationship can be hard to recognise. Women experiencing abuse often are unaware that support is available. Online support tools can be jargon laden and lack relatable examples.
```

Author: Like this @roseb04 ? Feel free to click "Commit suggestion" if that looks right

solution: |

>   Women who had been through this journey themselves encouraged us to focus on breaking down the fears and barriers to getting help. We built an app that combines womens’ stories with illustrations and encourages people to call a helpline.  We’re also testing whether the app can be used with different content for other support services.

Author: ```suggestion
Abusive behaviour in a relationship can be hard to recognise. Women experiencing abuse often are unaware that support is available. Online support tools can be jargon laden and lack relatable examples.
```
